Docs: Refresh Getting Started guide (#25090)
WordPress/gutenberg: docs/contributors/getting-started.md

With Node installed, to build Gutenberg run the following from within the cloned repository:

```bash
npm install
npm run build
```

> Note: The install scripts require [Python](https://www.python.org/) to be installed and in the path of the local system. This might be installed by default for your operating system, or require downloading and installing.

Once built, Gutenberg is ready to be used as a WordPress plugin!

`npm run build` does a single build and exit of the project. While developing, you probably will want to use `npm run dev` to run continuous builds automatically as source files change. Using the dev build also includes additional warnings and errors to help troubleshoot while developing.

## Local Environment

If you are familiar with WordPress and already have an environment setup, use the above build as a standard WordPress plugin by putting the gutenberg directory in your wp-content/plugins/ directory.

> The rest of this section is if you do not have a local WordPress environment setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not have a local WordPress environment setup, follow the steps in the rest of this section to create one.
```

### Using wp-env to Install a Local Environment

The [wp-env package](/packages/env/README.md) was developed with the Gutneberg project as a quick way to create a standard WordPress environment using Docker. It is also published as the `@wordpress/env` npm package.

By default, `wp-env` can run in a plugin direcotry to create and run a WordPress enviornment, mounting and activating the plugin automatically. You can also configure `wp-env` to use existing installs, multiple plugins, or themes. See the [wp-env package](/packages/env/README.md#wp-envjson) for complete documentation.

If you don't already have it, you'll need to install Docker and Docker Compose in order to use `wp-env`. See the [Developement Environment tutorial for additional details](/docs/designers-developers/developers/tutorials/devenv/readme.md).

Once Docker is installed and running: To install WordPress, run the following from within the cloned gutenberg directory:

```bash
npm run wp-env start
```

> > Note: Using `npm run` will use the version specifed within the Gutenberg project, making sure you are using the latest installed package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: `npm run` will use the version specified within the Gutenberg project, making sure you are running the latest wp-env version.
```
